hello and welcome to velizar my name is
Pat Vela general manager I'd like to
take the opportunity to show you this
gorgeous 2008 ford edge all-wheel drive
limited edition it's a black on black
leather this one here is equipped with
the 20 inch chrome wheels or the Pirelli
20-inch hours still in excellent shape
no major dents or scratches on the
vehicle this one here as a limited
edition has the optional panoramic roof
weather you can see on the top here
we'll take a look inside as well as the
keyless keyless entry we come in closer
we have power seats on the driver side
also the si can tilt up or go down white
stitching throughout the leather it's an
excellent shape just regular wear on the
actual seat we have the silver trimming
throw with the white gauges on the
steering wheel you have full controls
volume bluetooth that service satellite
radio you can program to memory seats
power windows power locks power mirrors
all the standard features heated seats
dual climate control
we'll move to the rear
very thin car you'll notice the cloth
floor mats and the rubber mat we have
the full set of four for the vehicle
you'll notice the two the panoramic or
Vista roof some people call it
the rooms are absolutely gorgeous no
curb rash amo tires are in great shape
that's a key thing on these vehicles are
quite expensive if they are damaged this
vehicle does not have any damage has
rear parking distance sensors on the
vehicle the dual exhaust also has a
hitch if needed
power rear tailgate nice feature it's on
the key as well the seats also fold down
in case you need to put a large parcel
inside
the edge has a nice painted spoiler on
the rear with the satellite radio
connection above it take a look inside
here again you'll see the white
stitching
this vehicle comes from the factory with
three years 60 full-coverage warranty
which has expired on this vehicle but we
have a balance of power chain which is
the 5 year 100,000 kilometers
I want you to take a look at the body
over here no dents no major scratches
very clean car for its mileage seventy
five thousand kilometers the front end
extremely the chrome is an excellent
shape
you have the fog laps in great shape now
we'll just pop the hood look underneath
there
this vehicle is equipped with a 3.5 v6
producing approximately 265 horsepower
very good engine you can take the
Lincoln MKX
same type of drivetrain as well
you zoom in over here on the hood take a
look there is no stone chips on the
vehicle
well thank you for giving me the
opportunity to show you this fine
vehicle if you have any questions or are
interested in purchasing this vehicle
please give one of our sales consultants
a call at nine oh five two six four one
two three four happy driving
you